QUESTION 1
a)	 (i) iostream provides basic input and output functions for C++ programs
			it is the standard inout and output library standard
	(ii) it is an object that is used to acceot inout from the standard inout device e.g Keyboard and stores it to a variable
	(iii) is an expression that can produce effect standard output string in a C++ code and declared in the iostream file
	(iv) name


b) Comments
	(i)
	// This is a single line comment
	(ii)
	/*
	This is a
	multiline comment
	*/
c) Local vs Global variable
	Local variable is declared within a function
	Global variable is declared outside a function
	Local variable used only inside a function which they are declared
	Global variable can be used outside a function
	Local variable is created when function block is entered and destroyed upon exit
	Global variable remains in existence for the total time your program is running
	Local variable are stored in stacks unless specified
	Global variable are stored in a fixed location defined by the compiler
	Local variable is accessed only by statements inside the function
	Global variable is accessed by any statement in the entire program


d) Inheritance is the mechanism in which one class acquires the properties of another class

e) Forms of Inheritance
	(i) Single inheritance
			In this inheritance, a derived class is created from a single base class.
			In the given example, Class A is the parent class and Class B is the child class since Class B inherits the features and behavior of the parent class A.

	(ii) Multi-level inheritance
			In this inheritance, a derived class is created from another derived class.
			In the given example, class c inherits the properties and behavior of class B and class B inherits the properties and behavior of class B. So, here A is the parent class of B and class B is the parent class of C. So, here class C implicitly inherits the properties and behavior of class A along with Class B i.e there is a multilevel of inheritance.

	(iii) Multiple inheritance
			In this inheritance, a derived class is created from more than one base class.
			In the given example, class c inherits the properties and behavior of class B and class A at same level. So, here A and Class B both are the parent classes for Class C.

	(iv) Multipath inheritance
			In this inheritance, a derived class is created from another derived classes and the same base class of another derived classes.
			In the given example, class D inherits the properties and behavior of class C and class B as well as Class A. Both class C and class B inherits the Class A. So, Class A is the parent for Class B and Class C as well as Class D. So it's making it Multipath inheritance.

	(v) Hierarchical inheritance
			In this inheritance, more than one derived classes are created from a single base class and futher child classes act as parent classes for more than one child classes.
			In the given example, class A has two childs class B and class D. Further, class B and class C both are having two childs - class D and E; class F and G respectively.

	(vi) Hybrid inheritance
			This is combination of more than one inheritance. Hence, it may be a combination of Multilevel and Multiple inheritance or Hierarchical and Multilevel inheritance or Hierarchical and Multipath inheritance or Hierarchical, Multilevel and Multiple inheritance.
			Hence hybrid inheritance with a combination of multiple or multipath inheritances.

f) Difference between while and do-while loop
	(i) A while loop will check the condition first before executing the content while a do while loop executes the content of the loop before it checks the condition of the while
	(ii) A while loop never executes if condition is false while a do-while loop executes at least once even if the condition is false
	(iii) A while loop does not have a semicolon at the end of statement while while a do while loop has a semicolon at the end of while keyword


QUESTION 2
a)	(i)		sub == 9
	(ii)	sub == 10

c)	variable declaration is for informing to the compiler the following information: name of the variable, type of value it holds and initial value if any it takes. No space is 			reserved in memory. What compiler needs to accept reference to the variable
	extern int a;
	definition says where the variable gets stored in memory. Addition of declarations but space reservation is done. It is what the linker needs to link references to that variable
	int a;



QUESTION 3
a)	a constructor is a special member function of a class that is executed new objects of that class are created
	It has the same name as the class and doesn't have a return type

b)	Parent class is the base class whose properties are inherited while the child class inherits properties of other class

e) 	(i)		Private
	(ii)	Protected
	(iii)	Public

	Private

	Protected and Private